README.md, before:

# Full Stack React Project container

**Designed by Jared Cai and implemented by Jared Cai and Yang Ge.**

## Developers & Authors

Jared Cai, an accomplished Interaction Design Master's graduate from the University of Queensland, specializes in crafting user-centered design pages and developing intuitive user interfaces utilizing the React framework.

Yang Ge, a skilled graduate with a Master's in Information Technology from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, excels in developing robust back-end logic using Node.js.

## Overview

This project is built using Vite and React, and it serves as a full-stack React project container.

## Description

For this project, we wanna create a full-stack web app which shows our skills of building through React and NodeJS.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

### For the client

1. enter client folder

```bash
  cd client
```

2. Install project dependencies:

```bash
  npm install
```

3. Start server

```bash
  npm run dev
```

# Packages using in this project

react

react-dom

tailwind css frameworks

eslint -- for formatting rules

react-router-dom

react-icons

prettier

Commit message:

implementing backend sign function and update navbar

README.md, after:

# Full Stack React Project container

**Designed by Jared Cai and implemented by Jared Cai and Yang Ge.**

## Developers & Authors

Jared Cai, an accomplished Interaction Design Master's graduate from the University of Queensland, specializes in crafting user-centered design pages and developing intuitive user interfaces utilizing the React framework.

Yang Ge, a skilled graduate with a Master's in Information Technology from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, excels in developing robust back-end logic using Node.js.

## Overview

This project is built using Vite and React, and it serves as a full-stack React project container.

## Description

For this project, we wanna create a full-stack web app which shows our skills of building through React and NodeJS.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

### For the client

1. enter client folder

```bash
  cd client
```

2. Install project dependencies:

```bash
  npm install
```

3. Start server

```bash
  npm run dev
```

### For the server

1. enter server folder

```bash
  cd server
```

2. enter the sub-folders

Need to create a empty file called "users.json" in sign folder
And type [] (empty array) in that file

3. Install project dependencies:

```bash
  npm install
```

4. start server

```bash
  npm start
```

# Packages using in this project

react

react-dom

tailwind css frameworks

eslint -- for formatting rules

react-router-dom

react-icons

prettier
